Add some content in the explanation docs page (#108)
canonical/charmed-etcd-operator: docs/explanation/index.md

# Explanation

> Additional context about key concepts behind the etcd charm.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Given the page size is very small, I suggest we improve the wording here a little by making it a bit longer. Purely cosmetic and not mandatory.

```suggestion
Additional context for better understanding of key concepts behind the etcd charm.
```

Alternatively, we can just skip the h2 heading and combine introductory sentences together, but it will make the page even smaller. I'd prefer us just **later** adding at least one more page to the explanation section outside of Security.

> ## Security and hardening

Reviewer: Suggestion: Add empty lines between and add an introductory sentence for the list:

```suggestion
## Security and hardening

Security-related topics:

```

# Explanation

Additional context about key concepts behind the etcd charm.

## Security and hardening
* [Security hardening guide][Security]
  * [Cryptography]

[Security]: /explanation/security/index

> [Cryptography]: /explanation/security/cryptography

Reviewer 2: should the links refer to absolute paths or relative paths?

Author: I do not have a preference. Perhaps @a-velasco can weigh in on this.
FYI: I tested the links in the docs locally and they work.

Reviewer: The best way to do internal links is to use anchors. An anchor link will work regardless of any content changes in titles, paths, etc.

An anchor looks like this:

```
(anchor_id_anywhere_in_any_file)= 
```

A simple link to the anchor can look like this:

```
[text](anchor_id_anywhere_in_any_file)
```

My next choice is absolute path links, but I wasn't able to make them work in my docs so far. So, I use relative path links when I can't use anchors. It works OK, but it's the least reliable option. Moving either sides of the link (either the source or destination) or renaming the destination file will break the link.

P.S. In any case, I'd advise checking that the chosen link syntax works correctly both locally and on RTD. For RTD, there is a PR branch preview feature, that can be enabled in RTD project settings. It's called  "Build pull requests for this project".
